oh nice I think it's I think it's I
think it's doing it all right word okay
we're good
all right so let's look at this thing
um
our YouTube data API do you see my
screen or did I turned it off didn't I
I think so yeah here we go
okay
so just look up YouTube API there's all
this stuff in here right there I'm on
that exact uh all right so I want to go
to videos
um
I really want that uh like density map
thing
what do they call that YouTube uh view
density map
no [__] what's this dumber way to say
that it's like uh
I mean a uh
distribution kind of not really
uh uh
[Music]
most popular part of video
feature
yeah most replayed yeah most replayed
that's what they call it
see this thing okay all right
most you put only appears on longer form
content where the video hasn't been
segmented with
um
video that hasn't been segmented with
video chapters but it still shows
it still shows the heat map even on
segments and videos yeah
let's Okay so I'm going to go to this
thing I'm just gonna look up
replay
that sucks
I mean how does that data even like come
like what form does it take yeah uh uh
it's a good question
uh
what it probably is is for each
uh based on some uh partition length
maybe it's a single second maybe it's
something more than that maybe it's less
than that it could be down to each frame
but it it basically says what percent of
viewers watch this then it normalizes to
the max or something like that
but like Which percentage of the P of
the total viewers of the video that
clicked on it saw that part of the video
yeah that makes sense
um
so I just yeah yeah okay so wait for
this project I ideally would like to
stick to data that can be neatly thrown
into a pandas data frame that's a pretty
easy thing to throw in a penis data
frame it's a Time series but like about
I would be
I'll be okay with
all right let's let's do this API
explorers thing
oh let's see what's with this
uh it seems like they should have python
somewhere
python Hollow at the end
can I run it though
I don't know what what the [__] am I
what am I doing
so just try this [__] uh
yep okay so
what exactly am I doing here let me look
at the have you used curl at all curl is
basically no no I'm fine it's just this
way to make uh
API calls uh I mean it's just it's a way
to let's see
curl
providing a library command line tool
for transferring data using various
Network protocols
so yeah anyways curl is really good to
know
um all right but this this little tool
here
is not very good because I don't know
what the [__] I'm doing
so
let's ditch it
this example retrieves information about
a specific video
all right let's do that okay hey there
we go I click on this and it shows up in
here so let's do it
all right so that should work so let's
execute that
and then it does my oauth stuff every
time I I'm really happy about that
every time I gotta do that okay all
right so here's some data let me just uh
copy this into uh
bro you know what's so funny Chachi PT
Rick Rolled me I was trying to do some
YouTube stuff uh with YouTube DL I don't
know if you've ever seen YouTube DL but
it's how it's the best way to get uh
like uh audio out of a YouTube like if I
just go to
let's see what's a YouTube video
if I go here
oh bro let's do this
all right if I do this and then I do a
YouTube
and I have this other one oh wait hold
on
oh [__] it's because I just switched the
fish I hate my life bro
um uh
uh where is it's probably in
um
okay here we go I found it uh Dash X
this thing
I just downloaded just the audio
whoa
oh I don't have ffmpeg that sucks okay
my paths are all messed up but um
I think I just need to add the Brew
stuff to path
um but I don't want to do that right now
uh but anyways YouTube DLP it also lets
you to download the transcripts it makes
them makes a bunch of API calls I I
think
um
two
bro this guy he was commenting on the
twitch stream today he's like bro how'd
you learn to code crazy and I was like
man I gotta reach out to this guy
because I never remember to uh but the
problem is that I'd message him on this
thing but I don't think he'll ever see
it it's unfortunate
um all right so let's just let's go back
to this thing what did we get yeah
okay body language May shape Who You Are
by Amy Cuddy okay so it's a bunch of
different renders of the thumbnail here
so this one's going to be the max res
thumbnail then this one is going to be
the small thumbnail so they have links
to that I don't I'm just okay we got
tags
and the channel title we got the
category
we got whether or not it was live
broadcast content I guess we have the
default language I don't know what that
means
I don't know maybe the you know the
language of the account or if you can
choose that when you upload it that's a
good point yeah yeah
duration Dimension I don't know
duration what the hell yeah
PT
21m3s uh 21 minutes three seconds
wait but there's not an actual oh it has
the ID here this is what I want
so see here there's a there see how I'm
constructing this V equals so that's the
query parameter V is the video ID
21 minutes three seconds that's actually
so weird that they do that but anyways
at least that's easy to parse
okay here here's some statistics
okay there we go so wait so hold on let
me generate a project real quick
uh we're gonna call it YouTube API how's
that
seems pretty straightforward yeah yeah
okay
I'm gonna do this
okay I'm gonna close this uh we don't
need to save that that's okay
wait as a just a reminder how did you
get this did you make an API call or was
this like the uh yeah I did make an API
call I made an API call through through
this thing
and then I copied the data but I could
just do this like I could just do this
yeah I I mean I wanted to go through all
the actual steps we don't have to do it
now
um
ideally by Monday I could have
the data in some like
form what do you think what do you think
is the right way to do this bro this is
actually so tough okay so let's get some
Channel data so wait first let me copy
this okay so I made up what kind of
question are we trying to answer here or
like what
well yeah I mean what is possible is
what I want to answer
okay so this curl command the problem is
we need to sign up for an access token
and I didn't need to do that because I
did the Google oauth 2 that like opens
up that thing
oh see here there's other permissions so
this one see how this one's youtube.read
only this means it only allows me to
make API calls that read data but not
stuff that like publishes a video
because you can upload a video from the
an API call
yeah that's crazy
yeah I want to start doing that where
like like I finished a stream and then
it chops it up into a video and uploads
that as a video automatically that's
crazy
um
but I so you're saying I would need an
API token
I just I kind of want to get this set up
on on my end
what's most popular
well cow
oh because because you can customize how
it look remember okay so look at uh hold
on where was where was the data oh I
closed it I need to copy it again okay
uh so I'm gonna make a data folder and
then I'm gonna put uh video.json
let me copy it in here remember how we
saw this
Locale stuff so this is the localized
title
which is crazy to think about so you can
have the title different for different
countries I guess
I don't know if that's true but it seems
like that's
dude even just with this the title and
description of a ton of YouTube videos
yeah yeah I know I mean that could start
getting into
I feel like that would be some NLP stuff
um
yeah and you were thinking of doing that
yeah but I don't I don't know like
I'd feel more comfortable doing
something that's already been like kind
of prepared like
like scraping together to the data
um or like getting it from from an API
and then having to like do a lot of
cleaning and like stuff
yeah this kind of intimidates me because
we literally spent like
two days on on NLP
what other parts can we do I want to see
what other parts
Where do I
like parts
okay so here's all the stuff that we can
live streaming do the localizations
player processing details recording
details all right so I want all of these
actually
so I'm going to do is I'm going to copy
this
and then I just want to do this thing
comma separate then do this now I have
the big string of it
so now I'm going to copy this go back
here
and then I want to list video ID most
popular wait this example retrieves a
list
of YouTube's most popular videos
bro that's [__] sick
yeah I feel like we could
well I don't know is there like a most
popular
Channel
yeah or like some I don't know something
that we can access actually on the
website like
oh no I don't think so wait hold on
and how I feel like how would we know
what it
what metrics it uses to determine most
popular
I feel like there used to be like a most
popular like I guess it's trending now
there's a trending on YouTube right
okay wait let's let me just try this
thing
click this
open it up
uh this is most popular Json
yeah right because this is like NBA
videos this isn't like
I wonder if this is recommendations I
wonder if you can query the recommender
algorithm that'd be kind of interesting
yeah I
foreign
looking at some of the titles
do we want to go to the video
yeah I doubt
these are your recommendations no these
are definitely not my recommendations
it could be trending
jyp entertainment is this a new is this
a new video
interesting I'm assuming this is like
trending yeah this is like right most
popular now
yeah
okay so let's close this stuff
damn bro
zero concurrent viewers see that's the
thing though is consistently though on
Twitch I do get people tuning in
like yeah at least a little bit I think
it's it's really hard to pop off or like
I don't know
find new viewers on both websites but I
do think twitch is probably better I
think more people go on Twitch
specifically I mean obviously like
specifically just to find a new you know
yeah the architecture of the site is
more conducive to like finding a low-key
streamer as opposed to YouTube where
you're you're lost in the sea of
just like videos like I feel like no one
specifically goes to YouTube to seek out
a random series do they have a custom
YouTube live like where you can view
streamers
yes you can but this is like a lame way
to do it this isn't as good as twitch
where you can
sort by topic and stuff like that like
okay so you have topics but these are
the only topics you have yeah you can't
this is really bad now that I'm looking
at this
yeah dude like how would you ever find
all right let's try to go into here this
is all you get
yeah that's bizarre so I don't think
anyone would ever be able to find me
unless the recommender popped that into
something you know yeah yeah unless
they're recommender did so that's kind
of harsh uh but I I agree with you I
feel like YouTube is the the move okay
all right well uh most popular is not
that cool right
I mean most popular could be cool though
like it's something to watch for sure
okay yeah
but so it seems like okay right okay all
right so here's one yeah go ahead can
you have all their videos all the videos
on YouTube on here there's no way right
what do you mean like it's just it's his
list
by video ID
yeah see any video you put the video ID
in there and it'll work
let's see
so what should we what would we like
well so what we do is we start with
channels we'd find like we'd somehow get
like a thousand Channel ideas right
so let's do a channel one I'll show you
I'll show you what I mean
all right hopefully they have uh okay
list by Channel ID so let's see and it
seems like there's more parts that we
can do for some reason it didn't let me
I don't know why
let's try to do
this many
every time holy crap this is horrible
okay so for some reason I'm making bad
queries but there's probably only
certain parts
only certain okay here here these are
the ones for a channel parts
all right so let's try these
this is uh this is video Parts this is
channel parts
let's try I know it's probably not gonna
work but the reason why I want this I
want all the data I can get
using insufficient credential type
because there's probably some of this
that only the content owner details
let's try just one of them
yeah what should we try
let's try just the first one
audit details
the color does not have permission
oh yeah let's try statistics now because
we know that that one should work
yeah
and there we go we get the green
and we get the view count the subscriber
count the hidden subscriber count which
is nothing I guess view what the [__] is
hidden subscriber count
YouTube disables hidden subscriber
counts oh oh it's whether or not that
the channel
disables you to to view it okay it's not
like it's a I thought it was something I
thought it was like oh this is the
account the number of subscribers that
we showed this seven you actually have
yeah all right so that's kind of cool
um
all right so let's just do this and we
we so this is giving us snippet content
details and statistics I don't know if
that's hey let's see what channel this
is so YouTube slash C I think it's like
slash C
Channel no oh yeah it's slash Channel
uh sorry
okay wow that's [__] lame
boo
all right I'm gonna do I'm gonna do it
for Beast we're gonna do it for Mr Beast
you never know if he's watching bro
what's the channel idea well I wonder if
we can put in this string
I wonder if we can
so is there a channel search let's see
if there's a channel search
list okay here we go
first by keyword
this is I think is a okay wait hold on
returns a collection of search results
that match the query parameters
providing the API request by defaulting
search set identifies matching video
channel and playlist resources but you
can also configure queries to only
retrieve a specific type of resource so
in your query you could do you could
just do the Mr Beast or at Mr Beast and
then
select that you're searching for
channels yeah so what we we need to do
is type we need to say type equals
Channel
okay so we got it do you want to do it
let's try it yeah please
Okay so
oh list related videos that's crazy
okay oh dude so you know what we should
do what we'll do is we'll just have the
recommender like like we'll just
Traverse the tree of recommendations
because that's how we'll generate that's
what will generate our creator list
we'll
that's an interesting way is like doing
a a tree search type of thing
all right so let's try this
uh
uh what is the main Max results 25
that's okay query surfing Mr Beast okay
we're gonna do a naive one that's not
the exact handle the exact handle is
that but we're gonna do that
okay then we're gonna do type type is
Channel
okay now we're going to execute
going through this thing this is insane
this is brutal we need to uh we need to
actually get we need to actually get an
API key because this is like really not
tenable
um Okay cool so I'm going to copy this
I'm going to say channel search
dot Json
I'm just saving a couple of examples
that we can refer to later okay
yeah I think that that's a good okay so
here this is a
a dictionary
it's like a nested dictionary yeah it's
Json yeah
all right right yeah
uh it's the language of the internet
honestly
I mean no there's a couple there's like
HTML but honestly the language of the
internet like nowadays I feel like is
more Json because HTML CSS JavaScript
that's all the front-end stuff
JavaScript is the way computers
communicate with each other
all right so anyways it seems like we
got okay so snippet I guess does
something anyways we found we found it
this is Mr BEAST's Channel ID
I guarantee it if I just Google it
Mr Beast now I want to ask chat GPT who
is this
foreign
oh wow that that kid is really
oh come in
and I'll be right back yeah no worries
laughs
that doesn't look great
I guess it is bro I guess it is
[Music]
thank you
there are no strangers
[Music]
I try so unless
thank you
[Music]
foreign
that's cool okay so now I'm just a
YouTube streamer I'm streaming reviewing
my old streams
um
this is all the TTS stuff
Doc Martens bro
[__] sick
foreign
okay so now I want to get channel so now
I want to make a channel
hold on dude okay
so
I want to make a channel query
we can get comments we can comment
threads
playlist
subscriptions those are my subscriptions
video categories I would love to get all
the video categories
quota cost which is my quota
the YouTube data API uses a quota to
ensure that developers use the service
as intended and do not create
applications that unfairly reduce
service quality or limit access for
others all API requests including
invalid requests incur at least one
point quota cuff
projects that enable the YouTube data
API have a default quota allocation of
10 000 units per day and amounts
efficient for the overwhelming majority
of our API users default quota which is
subject to change helps us optimize
optimize quota allocations and scalar
infrastructure in a way that is more
meaningful to our API users
hey what's up
no
are you gonna uh maybe I'm streaming
right now
I switched well I switched to YouTube so
let me link you
um
that sucks
[Music]
I don't know where the cat is to be
quite honest
it's good he's a good boy
yeah he's not gonna get covered
okay
few minutes make sure he's in the room
mocha okra
I don't know
um
I do want to hang with the boys I don't
know what the plan is but uh I'm talking
to Elon right now about YouTube
stuff
Never Gonna all right I'll see you all
right bye
so tragedy BT wait hold on can you you
can hear me right all right
um let me just turn back on the cam so
Chad gbt does know the uh what is the
video ID for Rick Roll this is what it
is sure enough
so that's why I thought it might know Mr
BEAST's Channel ID yeah it's kind of
surprising all right anyway so let's get
back to this thing
so the search did pretty well the
problem is
coming up with good search queries to
find like Niche videos
I mean
that's kind of I think the first
question that we need to to figure out
is like what exactly is the the sample
that we're trying to take to like
actually you know analyze like
is it channels on or like videos like
all the videos on one channel
um is it the
is it all the videos on the like 10 or
100 most popular channels by subscriber
like
I think what you want you want to do
channels like you pick some channels and
then you do all of their videos
but then picking the channels yeah the
pitching channels is the hard part
like I think we need a
probably get like quite a big
um selection I would guess to like be
able to actually say like that whatever
data-driven conclusion we find is
Meaningful like
foreign
there's a Wikipedia page that's so funny
let's let's start with this page
this is the 50 most subscribed channels
of 2021
Coco melon I love that sound this
[__]
stimulation thing
bro how this has so much
he's like sensory videos
coconut
coconut I love that sound bro that sound
is gas Great Sound
Sony India Sony India wow who'da thought
specifically India is very interesting
yeah because the thing is China is not
in here that's the interesting thing is
because they're walled off they don't
have YouTube
yeah I mean they have YouTube but
through a VPN but so there's not huge
Chinese like let's see if there's a
single
nope
oh
God it's 50 channels even enough no but
what I would do here's what I do we come
up with an algorithm
uh that uh that uh goes to like the
related channels or the related videos
but somewhere in the metadata it'll like
like we just come up with a couple ideas
to use this list as the seed to
generating our thousand channel list or
something
that that makes sense I have no idea how
to do that I I do I do there's a it's
really like there's a number of ways we
could do it first what we could do is we
could just take
oh this is the most naive and would be
bad for a number of reasons but you
would take all of the names of these and
you would put put it in and I'm saying
this only because we've already done
this you'd put it into the search here
like we did with Mr Beast and we just
put that in and we take all of the
channel IDs off of these Channel IDs
because not all of these are Mr Beast
this is look at this look at this oh
right right so this is this is so
interesting right because this is
um
I think you should all start with you if
I'm not mistaken okay so now we only
have 50.
oh I guess we have 25 never mind
um because we got Beast we got Beast
gaming we got Beast three
we got Beast two we got Beast reacts
Beast philanthropy Mr Beast Indonesia
bro that's insane do you know Indonesia
is the fourth uh most populous country
on the planet though
over Brazil right yeah
and so yeah so I remember him wait this
isn't right
oh yeah it's in the search it's not part
of the most I thought we were sorting by
subscribers
yeah description Mr Beast for business
Indonesia Mr Beast dude maybe we should
just pop off on Indonesian Mr Beast
maybe you're right all right so what
else do we have here
secret Mr Beast Channel bro I gotta see
this
you know secret Channel what
dude what if we stumb on some sick stuff
what's up guys as you can tell by the
title by the picture you're looking at
if this video gets one million views
um
I'll I'll be happy I mean chances are
it's not going to get a million views in
fact I can almost guarantee this video
is not going to get a million views this
is not it's this video this is not Mr
Beast this is not Mr Beast right but
today we are
gone oh okay so yeah this is one of
these guys that does highlight like it's
so interesting videos that that people
do like people do it on a Kenny beats
streams people do it on like video game
players streams it's so interesting that
like oh yeah there's there's a niche for
people that just take the mass of live
stream content that big creators make
and just chop it up and edit it
mm-hmm
it's crazy
that's crazy
right because they're basically doing
free work but it's like a mutual
interest
exactly Mr Beast drama in the rocket
League Community about this actually oh
really yeah there was a rocket League
like I'm trying to remember what the
channel was called I think they should
shut them down it's called like rocket
League highlights rocket League Esports
highlights or something like that
um or just probably stream highlights
and
a bunch of creators like like player
creators got really pissed that like
this
you know some other channel was like
monetizing content that
they in a way like produced
um
oh yeah and then but there was backlash
to this take people like people were
saying like you you know you're gonna
upload it anyway like it's how big
getting your your name out and like
whatever whatever as long as you link to
appropriate
um
essentially references yeah right yep
as long as they give credit that's like
it should be fine but bro this is so
weird like this is 750 000 subscribers
they only upload like really short like
this is not official
but it has 750 000 subscribers
this is not official dude there's no way
this is official thank you right yeah I
feel like there's no way it's like 30
second clips of like just like pictures
why would they put it become the next
CEO of the Twitter here it is bro he's
Indian obviously that's hilarious Elon
must buy Twitter worth of 44 billion
dollars and hey let's just that's just
common sense you got to do what you
gotta do
fair enough look at it look at all the
tags there's no way that that a official
channel would put look look FBI AOC dude
the help where did how did he generate
that list
that's hilarious
what is George not found
oh I guess it's a person oh he's a
streamer
um but okay so you're saying this this
is a way to to do it is just to kind of
get these related like semantically
related Channel names well the thing is
they're not really yeah okay yeah you're
right so yeah exactly semantically but
the problem with our our thing is that
it's it the tree is like gonna get to
these like these guys that just like
sort of repurpose content like tabloid
type people
yeah I don't I don't think this is
the best way I I I'm almost positive we
can easily come up with a better way to
do it
but I just want to do this a couple more
times because I'm very interested
all right see all of these are like you
know
all right so let's make an actual
Channel query now because that's what we
actually care about
okay so what we want to do
I'm going to list my channel oh we could
also do lists by YouTube username
so that gives us the handle it's so
funny how late YouTube was was to the
the handle game
yeah for real
all right
um
channels owned by a Content owner what
is that
interesting I don't know
dude that one's interesting though I
want an example of that
oh
wait
okay I'm not gonna do that yet let's
just do this one and then let's get the
Mr Beast ID
you think reasonably I would be able to
get to the point
where I have
a data frame
today this data like today
uh oh [__] yeah I think so because you
exceeded your
quota
can I just pay money bro oh my God
in a sufficient credential type
maybe with a key
dude there's just no way this is gonna
work oh what the [__] oh okay whatever
that was weird
all right let's see what queries we have
Max results
let's make this a thousand ten thousand
let's try that again
what did you search wait what what did I
do this seems
okay this is a channel ID
anyway let me just pop this in yeah it
only pushed out one result because
that's the only thing with that channel
ID right oh yeah you're right you're
right you're right that's interesting
Okay so
yeah you're totally right
wait so wait so what I want is videos
though
all the videos on a particular channel
right yeah
yeah
oh wait I can probably do it in here
list
I'm surprised you can't do a list by
like Channel ID yeah that's what I would
have assumed hold on
um
Channel sections
I'm curious I mean we're just having fun
with it all right
uh
please don't make me do it again [__]
bruh
okay whatever
this is uh Channel sections
and we just want to get a sense of what
all we actually have access to
yeah I know to see if it's even like
worth okay popular uploads recent
uploads so evidently we can get access
to this these views
multiple channels okay look at all these
other channels so when we go to Mr Beast
yeah I mean like the channels that
channels tab on this one
yeah so here are the four and there's
four here so this is actually what we'd
want to do
I mean well this would be a cool way to
Traverse the tree is to because it would
probably terminate like like usually
like
usually you only link to your own stuff
sometimes you link to like creators you
find cool but
I think
I would be interested to Traverse this
section I think that that would be
interesting
okay
um maybe I I think it's true that most
the time
I didn't even know it was possible to
link to someone else on that particular
like frame yeah
um
okay so we gotta find some way to
we need to find uh how to get the video
list I'm gonna ask tragedy too
uh
and actually there is a way to do this
with uh YouTube download I did it uh
it's kind of slow right
um
also this is [__] crazy why
just the fact that that's the prompt
that you put in and this is what it's
spitting out oh yeah I'm used to it at
this point
it's crazy I haven't been using this oh
nice code
what channel ID is this I'm curious when
it's spit out
this is probably from the example this
is probably YouTube no way bro it's you
it's Mr Beast
it knows because I put up here
that's so
that's so that's hilarious though
do you want to try this okay maybe I'll
I'll try to get a API key
uh
I would like to have it as well I think
I need to turn off the stream so that I
don't I'm not going to turn it off I'm
just going to turn off the displays
because you don't want people to see
your API key and then just that makes
sense
okay
um
developer profile
how the [__] do I
what did it say to do
make a project like Google Cloud console
and then enable the YouTube dude why is
that so heavy-handed do I really need to
do this I don't know if you do
um
but I also have no idea how apis work so
no I think I might have to okay
thank you
it doesn't say how to guides
get off credentials that seems like
oh
all right sure enough
all right I have one for the calendar
API
now I want API key
this key is unrestricted
wait that's not right YouTube
data yeah
enable
try an API Explorer I will give you
AP average restrict key select YouTube
data okay you see what I'm doing here
sort of yeah cool all right so this is
all making sense
okay show key
copy key
now I'm gonna have this thing I'm gonna
add my DOT get ignore
honestly I'm probably gonna end up
showing this key it's just how it is
but anyways this is the key wait I don't
want this in the git ignore I want key
to
oh yeah
I don't key in the getting one all right
uh
man
okay
um
how do people do this
yeah okay so that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna
just say read
uh
key
ring
is that Julia's specific syntax or could
I do that in python as well what the
semi the semicolon thing
just that every that whole thing key
equals like the the like are you reading
yeah I'm just reading this file so if I
do key
it prints it out but I the whole point
is that I'm trying to avoid printing it
out yeah uh so now I can turn back on
the stream and just try to remind me to
be careful
um
okay so now let's see if we can make an
API call with the
um
see this is a bear token what if I
disable this
is this the only interface that we can
make API calls in no dude no no the
whole point is to be able to use it in
programs this is just this thing they
built to make it so that you don't have
to
um
it says I need a bear token hold on let
me go back to this Cloud This Cloud
thing
wait this might show it hopefully this
doesn't show it
okay it doesn't show them
enabled apis and services YouTube API
while you're doing this out of curiosity
I'm just gonna
see if anyone has done this already
yeah yeah
trending YouTube video statistics
YouTube statistics
just trending YouTube video statistics
of 200 megabytes
um
[Music]
now what's the most simple
most simple was not
this it's uh
videos list
do I really need the I would
how do I get an access token
all right I'm guessing that this is
gonna fail
but um
foreign
how do I do this
I don't even access token what is an
access to
all right let's just try it without this
thing
and then
um okay I just need to put it in there
so I'm gonna
display
this is the thing that sucks about
developing
um on the stream okay
let's just try this
oh hey it worked
cool
nice so I should be able to do uh
how do I usually make API calls because
usually I don't do this but uh
I should be able to
okay what's up kitty all right um
cool so that worked without the bearer
token that's nice
all right whatever it's called
um
foreign
how do I do
headers I think I need to do
um
well
do you want a code bud and a code
uh okay how do I put the I just want to
know how to put the
with the header
I don't know how I set the uh
and leave okay
well here we go
content type
nice let's go dude
I have not been watching what you've
been doing I've been on this kaggle data
set what's going on here okay so I I
made this API call and the key is at the
end here and then I said accept Json so
now I have the body so this body here
is uh is Json so let me add Json and
it's actually we use json3 because it's
the best one
um
so I'm not using HTTP json3 okay now we
say uh J is equal to json3 Dot
dot read response.body
okay cool
so now we have J dot items
what's in items
um
oh I guess it's a list
was there multiple no there's only one
in here
okay I dot statistics okay so it was J
Dot
uh items one dot
statistics
cool so now at least we have something
where we can give it the uh
video ID here
and we can get the statistics of the
view count the like count and the
comment count
so now what we want to do
let's go back and get all the videos
search
oh you okay so you call you do the you
use search and then you restrict it to a
channel ID
so let's get 50 Mr Beast videos and just
look at the statistics of that right
yeah
okay I gotta okay now I now that I got
this working what I can do is I can
actually embed the key and it's still
going to print out the [__] key if I
make the call I think
well I just stop streaming
I didn't stop streaming
I'm asking if you want to no I don't
want to bro I need the content um
Okay cool so we figured this out
so in all things I'm just gonna do this
all right cool I think we're good uh so
now let's do the search so I'm going to
enable back on the thing
so we're back
um no one ever donated man all of
college
going into what remember I'd always say
donate oh yeah okay so let's search
what did they do
youtube.search uh list
part ID
okay oh part yeah remember Parts yeah
that's what that is
I forgot about that all right
Coco melon
okay
25 okay wait Channel type
Channel ID that's all we got to do Mr
Beast here we go
uh wait actually why don't I ask chat
gbt
uh can you show me the curl
oh cool that's it
that's insane
all right so let's try it
um
except here I'm going to make it
http.get
I'm going to say
your
API key equals key
so that then I can just do this with a
dollar sign and have it work
and then headers
um I'm gonna call this C
c b is able to see that body let's do
that
okay so we have a whole bunch of bytes
CJ is equal to Json three to read CP
okay here we go that's CJ dot items
should be length equal to 50. so that's
cool so we got
okay so if so
um what I'm going to do is I'm going to
say
IDs is equal to map X2
x dot ID
uh
dot video ID of CJ okay so now we have a
list of all the video
bro what
map isn't CJ
CJ dot items oops
Okay cool so now we have all the video
IDs so now we want to get the stats on
all these things and make a data frame
right
yes
cool so that should be easy so let's
just say
we're doing more than just the stats but
we can start with this well I'm gonna
get all the jsons
okay where do we work yeah okay so hold
on so I'm gonna just make a simple
function
um really I mean what we're doing right
now is we're basically taking the API
and building what's called a client
library for the API
um
it's not the most efficient but okay it
seems like it's going to auto complete
it for me so look at that see is this
this thing has one argument and it fills
in the key
and the idea is a as a as a thing that's
pretty cool and then it returns to
statistics I'm gonna have it just return
us the whole Json
okay so now that we Define this thing
I'm gonna say get so I'm gonna say jsons
is equal to get video dot and this is
just Julia syntax IDs and so now it's
going to make 50 of these calls for us
cool so now we have all of that now what
I want to do is I want to get out I
actually get out the statistics
so
um I'm going to say get stats of VJ
which means video Json means uh VJ dot
items the statistics okay does that make
sense
yeah okay so so we have this function so
now I'm going to do get stats dot Json
so we should get all the statistics
things now I'm going to show you
something really cool
I think pandas probably does this but uh
I'm gonna say add Json tables CSV data
frames these are just our data science
toolkit
packages
that I use every day every new using
okay wait for that then so now okay so
I'm going to say stats is equal to this
I think we're still waiting on some
[__]
oh that happened I'm gonna move this up
here
bro what's going on
okay there we go all right so we got the
stats
now I'm going to do this thing called
Json
Json table of stats
I'm gonna say DF is equal to that
oh wait uh
wait hold on
oh yeah because we need to make it an
array I forgot about this so this this
is a hack but this is gonna be actually
I can probably do this
okay cool
you see that
yeah okay so here's here's the thing
that we're missing though right what we
need to do
so wait so hold on
we do DF is equal to this but now what I
want to do is insert
calls I think it's
df1 ID ghost IDs yep
oh
Okay cool so now I put the video ID in
in the data frame
so now what we can do is we can do cool
stuff like oh first we need to do this
um
map
uh
hold on
um
I see how there's strings here
so what I want to do let's just do one
basic one uh we're gonna do this is some
Okay cool so now at least they're in
instant view count
so I'm gonna do sort DF view Count
versus true okay this is the most viewed
video I'm pretty sure this is the squid
game video
just Google it
spent 50 hours buried alive dude I'm
gonna spend the next 50 hours beard
alive in this this coffin probably the
dumbest thing I've ever done boys seal
me up wait but where's the squid game
video that's what I want to know
I've recreated every single set from
squid game in because this is more views
bro why didn't we get the [__]
damn
I wonder how it got these we need to get
all the videos and make sure that it's
okay so that that'll be the next step
but at least we got to a data frame
so these are
50 Mr Beast videos yes
aren't okay sweet so uh uh
call to ins
or I'll call it stir call to ins
DF call
is equal to parse DF
int
ENT call
and actually what I want to do is
uh
DF
call
this
I believe this should work
so if I do this
I'm going to do uh
DF dot light I'm going to do stir call
DF
uh comment account
you can see DF all right it's in so it
did mutate it okay so now we have
another function that allows us to
convert a column to integer from a
string
let's see which one has the most
comments dude
why does this have so many comments
it's a good question why did so many
people comment on this video
mm-hmm I don't know I find that
interesting that was interesting like
like okay wait hold on let me add
hold on uh how can you remind me how to
move a directory in terminal yeah just
MV
you're gonna share your screen just so
that you don't mess anything up
yeah hold on
uh
foreign
people watching him it's just crazy man
all right I want to move I want to move
code back into my desktop you do oh
that's sad
regressing you say regressing yeah just
put desktop now and have it
all right that's it all right it's there
I see it thank you also this is the uh
there's a
I lose it
um going through the rubric or something
oh okay nice no yeah this I wanted to
download this
um I'm wondering
if this could just
suffice I think there might be a lot in
here already
um personally I find it way cooler
something that's new I don't know how
old this is oh version 115 evidently
this has been updated a number of times
it has yeah
where is it
hey don't bite my computer
um
so this would give us video title
Channel title publish time tags views
likes and dislikes description and
comments well if it has dislikes then
that's kind of interesting
that's true
um
supposedly yeah I just I wanted to
download it to actually see yeah do it
actually I have it downloaded I would
just I need to move it to code and I
wanted to do it through through the uh
the finder
um
where do I have it downloads
it's good and um
yeah
comparable to say
stats
foreign
okay there you go
um
guessing it's this
usvideos.csv yep all right let's just
load that into pandas and just uh yeah
it was about two
um
uh projects
I do definitely need to clean up my my
file paths
I think there's something to be said for
doing the data collection yourself a
little bit though
I agree I do agree
um but for now like I do want to look at
this though it's not like I don't look
at it just to for my own anxiety like I
really yeah you don't want to think that
you did all this work when it was just
like right there
yeah and also just like I want to make
sure that I have a viable like project
idea because I need to like kind of
pitch it oh yeah write a proposal by
Monday
um
dude I'm glad I'm glad I I had this
YouTube thing because this is way better
than a GitHub
yeah GitHub is interesting in a
different way is interesting though I
would like to do that at some point yeah
me too
I don't know
right that's it that's it don't load any
of the don't go find that [__] time
I just want to see the data
no no read CSV it's a CSV
this one was a CSV there was a there was
a Json of like category IDs
you're right
um
so it's going to be data slash uh
usvideos.csv
yeah yeah like this yeah I think so
but you forgot quotes
yeah you're right
okay that's not a gold go looking for it
oh that's right
oh you called it YouTube data bro change
the name of the title yeah wait hold on
oh no no because when you unzipped it it
unzipped it with an extra level of
nesting so open up data
all right see that there's YouTube data
in there yeah all right so just add just
add that or just move them all out
either way
I would move them all out I would just
take all those files and yeah
it's the easiest way to do this you okay
so like click on the top video Jason all
right now go to the bottom shift click
that one now just drag those just drag
them like go to the top and drag them
into Data
oh you're right nice
all right cool
all right try try it try it try it again
yeah that should work unless there's a
yeah no that's right
we want to talk about our marriage Casey
neistat okay
All This Time It's 2017. let's let's do
that are they can we sort by that well
okay yeah okay is it a date time object
40 000 41 000 videos wait but what what
is it uh what was it called publish time
it's an object
it's just a string
objective means string is that true
in pan in pandas yeah object to string
oh I don't know why I don't know why you
gotta parse it to a time stamp because
you you will want to sort
you want to find the extrema basically
you want to find what what time is like
um PD dot to date time
I forget how you do this um but let's
see uh
TF dot uh what's it called publish
underscore
first time
daytime
um
curl we need dude that's useful I like
that signature thing
oh dude this is a lifesaver as long as
you have it imported and like this
wouldn't work if I didn't have pandas
imported tab well that is very nice
it's chsc it just gives you all the
arguments it's actually unusable without
it really
yeah it literally is it's normally like
oh no okay here I didn't realize I was
for my own sanity I need to uh
for a second yeah no
yeah because it's like after it was at
the bottom of my screen yeah yeah I saw
that yeah like a readability thing
um
so does it take a call or does it take a
data frame and then a name thing I think
it just takes a list bro just like put
put the df.publish time in there yeah
that's fine
and I think you can also take a like a
format yeah yeah but I'm hoping it has a
heuristic that's good enough that's
basically what I'm about yeah and I
think it might all right send it bro
send it I need that immediacy
okay all right I mean if it didn't error
we're we're good
being in their area let's see if it
works all right so now do you like sort
on that thing and like find the first
and the last you know print the head and
the tail and then
yeah
um I don't know if there's an extrema
function but there's an extrema function
in Julia that's quite useful for this
kind of thing
it's yeah okay yeah I'm kind of on a
blank but uh
[__] DF dot publish time
no I forget df.sort that right and then
it's like y equals
publish time that's how you do it I
forget maybe
um try it
Brazilian sort
is it pd.sort then I don't know how this
thing works no I don't think so I
haven't I actually haven't done this in
a minute it's kind of embarrassing
um sorting
by
[Music]
sort values
okay
and then access equals one
no you gotta go go back to it yeah okay
[__] me all right
wait why'd you delete that that was fast
it sort of values yeah but that can
still be uh be right it's okay
oh it's time yep publish time access
equals one
um
uh so now I can just do in place yeah
you should do it in place yeah
I mean is that what we I mean I don't
need to do it in place like do we
actually wanna I think it might already
be sorted in I mean you could just do it
again later like right now I just want
to do it so that's that's a good point
that's a good point yeah
um
oh that's nice that you have a keyword
tab Julia doesn't have a keyword tab
oh really interesting like for for
keyword arguments yeah for named
arguments yeah yeah all right close it
come on dude all right all right sorry
relax oh that sucks that's super
annoying
what what is it what does it take I
don't need to wrap common series oh dude
no no do you give it do you give it DF
dot publish time and then you might give
it the actual
like reference to column now is that
crazy
no I think you wouldn't do that stir
you're totally right it is a string
I think it's saying it needs to be a
need to rear up common series to apply a
key function
is it not a series it's a it's a data
frame column isn't that just a series
dude there's no way that sorting should
be this hard uh
I know but I'm bad at this no no you're
not bad at this it's pandas being not
that good
uh and does or PD dot series
uh
EF
publish time all that work yeah but then
then he was like that's like
wait what no that doesn't seem right
something about that sounds great that
seems right
okay
oh yeah but this is gonna print
it
I have no idea dude there's no way that
sorting is hard
call PD
bro what is this axis thing oh you have
to get
it's like since we're sorting this is a
column that we're
um
it's like what are we what are we
sorting by
um
so
I can contain column levels
like I couldn't sort by this like the
publish time column without specifying
axis one really look at this look at
this this guy seems to have done it
without doing access one yeah just like
sort by the index
I guess that's the name
try getting rid of that access thing I
think that's sus
I don't think I don't think it's us but
fine fine I'll get rid of it
[__] really why I don't know but that
didn't seem right
foreign
that's exactly what I wanted okay cool
2006 all right cool so we answered all
right now due to df.tail
oh 2018.
2018.
dubstep yo Lindsay Sterling let's go
holy [__] hold on this doesn't seem
right though why is there a okay yeah
yeah that makes sense okay like
you know I would be okay with that like
yeah I mean that's like 12 years
you're saying of yeah yeah exactly it's
12 years worth of
could you do a histogram based on
publish time
uh
uh I guess
I just want to see where most of the
videos show up how biased is it towards
new and old things
yeah I guess so yeah do I have to I'll
import uh
uh map five lib
isn't it matplotlib.pi plot splt
yes you in that plot lip
Jesus
so I copy paste somebody in person yeah
right
see and then how we do it use it like
this like set in line oh it's uh Matt oh
[__] I forgot I thought I thought it was
maybe matplotlib inline true or
something like no no oh you got it no
it's just matplotlab inline yeah
nice
okay these are written no it's okay so
it's Maps
all right cool
and I don't think it needs to be tabbed
in like that but yeah
you're right it's not at all all right
um cool
oh wait put delete the space between
them you're right yeah
cool okay
um this should be easy right it should
just be like plt.histogram
yeah a bunch of values right
it's uh
X nice beautiful uh so DF dot uh
what's it called again published
um we want it yeah you know we just said
that [__] does work
[__] wait what that can't be right
I mean it could be right
I guess I could be right
can you do like uh you could do it by
year do you could probably get just the
year out of the date time object I don't
know how to do that but yeah let me so
it'd be um
I mean it already did the histogram by
year and it's pretty clear what the
results are but let's just double check
um
[__] uh DF dot what is it dude why
does it say bar container of 10 artists
what does that mean I have no idea that
is so Random what I'm trying to say if
you do this I don't think it says it
yeah okay
artists yes I have no idea what these
artists that they're talking about are
it's Casey neistat Nintendo and Lindsay
Sterling yeah
yeah okay
um oh do you want to do it do you want
to do a channel title like uh like a
count map
like a what is it called value counts on
the
oh on the on the channel title yeah
that's a good idea yeah so if DF dot or
the channel title uh call you
ounce I mean we can
we'll just keep the counts yeah I want
the counts
ESPN Jimmy Fallon Netflix
box
you know 2200 different channels
um
what's up wacky I really want to see
that WhatsApp wacky video
what's happening
like only what is that like yeah point
four percent yeah half a half a percent
are from any particular Channel at most
yeah
um all right I mean this this histogram
thing is sus though
yeah
um so we would do DF Dutch wait leave
this in here leave this in here though
it's uh good for posterity
helps you remember what your data looks
like I feel like
I don't know I I would probably err on
the side of having a messy notebook and
you'd probably have a very polished
notebook
um ultimately I mean I usually
have a couple notebooks one just for
like Eda and like this and then I just
kind of move it to a final notebook
did I always forget how to interact with
daytime objects they tell us the worst I
hate dealing with dates
I need to get I have a I mean my exam on
Monday covers time series so
yeah I don't have anything in Time
series right now and uh
figure that out again
um
starting by year and uh
time series The Bird
what are they called time uh daytime
yeah
or just extracting the year really
dude take the first one and just like
call Dot year I bet that works honestly
it might
wait are you saying like that year try
that
nice
um I've been coding long enough you can
just assume certain things work
um
will this work
that would be interesting I doubt that
works
I
that would be wild if that worked
yeah it would be it doesn't wait okay I
mean I would just map I would just do a
map or something
but just uh
Map X to X or Lambda x x dot year
comma publish time or whatever
no uh I wish I could take it yeah
does that work this map is that a real
thing I feel like that might work try
that
what is it like lamb yeah Lambda x x
well you need to tell uh colon Lambda X
colon uh and then x dot year
yeah enter just shift enter see if it
works cool now dot value counts
nice
wait you need to
okay yeah it's not gonna but
I'm not because it didn't in place
update the thing
oh you're right yeah so you're saying
just to stop evalikins there
yeah
okay so literally almost all the videos
are in but that histogram still looks
wrong
I mean no oh no it didn't show 2017 you
need more bins that's what's up
oh you're right yeah that was that was
silly honestly
um bins equals 12.
sure because there's 12 years okay but
it should default to Auto I mean oh [__]
just happened
uh yes a histogram
oh wait I think it's because I didn't uh
okay all right so that's correct yeah
I mean we can just do take the ones from
2017 2018 or just 2018 even 30 000
videos is still pretty all right yeah
I mean why would you do that though why
wouldn't you just use all of them
um
I don't know I mean the YouTube of 2006
is vastly different to the YouTube of
today and also of 2018.
[Music]
I would do them all and then I would do
it by year like like
yeah but I'm thinking for like modeling
oh yeah I guess you're right but what
are you trying to model here like
whether or not based on the title or
something or based on the
you're right with the yeah that look
this is a very good question what
what are we hoping to predict here
um the easiest would be I want to do
comment count based on views and likes
common count based on just views and
likes yeah just for now because those
are the big integer and dude they have
dislikes that's crazy
that is crazy
I can't believe they got rid of dislikes
bro that sucks
yeah
um
category ID right there we go I guess
you could do that and you'd have to
one-haunt that
yeah but that's I mean that's easy I can
set up a pipeline to no I know I'm just
saying like it's not uh an integer
yeah so okay sure for for now
um
you have these likes you have to scale
the
why
for views and likes
they're on different uh
gales
it's really like
like uh I mean views just tend to be way
higher than the mics
oh yeah I never do this this type of
data so I always forget that you have to
like normalize it just to get the
algorithm to be [__] sensible yeah
yeah exactly exactly yeah common counts
and everything
um
I mean honestly we can probably just oh
dude you know what's cool we should we
should look at the difference between
the trending date which we'll need to
build a date time format because I doubt
that that thing will be correct and just
trying to parse that and publish time
but see how long it takes for it to be
like is it always on the same day it
doesn't look like it it looks like the
first one was the day after
that would be interesting that would
definitely be interesting
I'm just I'm trying to focus on
a
business question here
like
I think that
obviously we'd want to predict
uh
I don't think this data really lends
itself to
the initial thing we were thinking about
of like
try to find the next up-and-comer kind
of thing yeah um right
I mean still interesting nonetheless
yeah how many rows did we have we had
like 40 000 rows yeah forty thousand
forty thousand I mean we could see you
know
because realistically okay the usable
columns like video ID is not usable
um trending date probably not
assuming our Target is going to be
like something like the most beautiful
ones are probably used likes or maybe
comments dislikes dislikes also huge
yeah that's that's true but if we're we
it I mean we it wouldn't it would break
with new data because like they we we
could never test this but if you're just
using this data
like if this is the data set for the
Capstone project who cares
yeah I guess that's a good point
um
oh wait you could go scroll to the to
the right uh Commons disabled ratings
disabled probably some of those that you
have to
yeah oh right right probably get rid of
all anything that has comments disabled
here's one thing you could do video
description length and title length I
would find that interesting
okay some feature engineering just make
those
title length
it's like the simplest thing but it'd be
interesting to look at yeah I I I
honestly like that a lot
um
I might just throw that in right now uh
so DF
um
video or uh say title
length
equals uh
EF Dot
title Dot
or
length yeah wait but that's not going to
be right
no because isn't Len of does that
broadcast what is land of doesn't that
just give you 40 40 751
well you want to map length onto each
element of that list so you're
absolutely I mean this is another one of
these Lambda things like a Lambda
function is the perfect thing here so do
df.title.lam.map
.net be absolutely right yeah well so
df.title dot map Lambda X x.let or Len
of x
colon forgot the colon
right
of X beautiful
yeah I forget how helpful those are
um so then we can do uh
let's see yeah nice it's gonna be at the
end though right
yeah which is an annoying 32 that seems
right cool well it's a yeah Lincoln
characters which I think is probably
okay yeah what other Oh you mean like
words or something now you don't want to
do tokenizing it and all that no I I
just learned how to do that stuff for
NLP like with nltk or something
with Wyatt there's lots of libraries for
tokenization are you
yeah nltk yeah exactly oh yeah I don't
think that's what you said yeah
yeah
you're gonna go down this uh this road
you're right okay all right so just copy
and paste that that line 27 and then
just change the names to a description
length yeah
um
and then what is the name of it it's uh
uh uh Dot excuse me description yeah
description
oh there was one other one that I saw
there that looked kind of cool it was uh
tags tags would be cool to look at
what did I [__] up
wait a description's afloat
anyway
description Dot
where's my df.info
here
uh float it's a string
uh
what the [__]
wait do you have that description what
the hell is this
oh uh [__] that was stupid
um what you could do to the first one
yeah exactly
these are strings bro
wait but maybe it's trying to assign
maybe it thinks do df.info again what is
desk length might be trying to make it a
float or something weird
no no but you're trying to call no
you're trying to call Len
on a float so somehow there's a float
in the description or something I don't
know
I shouldn't be able to
do that I don't think
oh there might be there might be nulls
oh there are news on this in the
descriptions the only thing that they
have nulls oh yeah all right to do a
drop drop can you just in place drop all
that [__] I can but is it not
valuable to have
I don't know for me I don't really care
I just wanted all the good ones
no I know but I feel like it's it's a
useful
to know whether they have a description
or not like you can even do like set up
another column like has description oh
yeah
kind of thing well okay why don't you
just do zero oh yeah you're right you're
right it would be cool to know like oh
you explicitly didn't put a description
but
I don't know for right now to like set
it to zero if it doesn't have it I guess
or something
we're just like drop them because for
right now I just kind of want to answer
the question like does is there a strong
core like is there a big impact between
view count and just like yeah no you're
right you're right you're right you're
right fine
um
crap and a
um oh first of all
um
yeah I mean you can just do drop n a
places here it should just drop
everything
that we can do a DF Dot sna oh son
we got her and we got our nose out of
there Thank God now let's see if it
works
um I don't know why it said Float though
it's kind of random
it is yeah
very nice
cool
this is already this is a really messy
notebook working
um I want to look at the distribution
you want to do value counts on these two
calls
sure yeah yeah
wait is it such that they're all the
same like why does it look like they're
all the same oh never mind never mind
it's just the fluke that there's like a
lot of similar
yeah why are these the same video
oh what there's duplicates oh [__] do a
dude can you count do wait what the hell
foreign
that's interesting there are duplicates
uploaded on
well no published at the same time a
trending on different dates oh
so that's very interesting
why oh man okay so wow that sucks now we
gotta like
so then we gotta like figure out days
trending or something and then
oh I guess we could do that predict how
long it's going to trend for
yeah it seems that seems hard though
well what do you want to do about this
thing right now I just want to drop all
the duplicate video IDs like I don't
care when it went trending I just care
about the oh but the view counts are
different bro you got to take the last
one dang they're they're different
they're different videos somehow no
they're not different videos they're
just different states
of the same video
like the idea is the same but it's like
the next day I had more views
yeah so you need to take you need a
parse the trending date column no I'm
just curious
[Music]
um
I can't remember what the syntax is for
this dot unique
or just give
uh only
does this give me yeah yeah it's that
it's that
oh wow
so there's a whole lot of duplicates
that's crazy
yeah
um
that's interesting
okay I mean yeah I'm down to I think we
just drop them but probably
keep the one well okay so if you yeah
[__] you can't you have to parse the
trending date into a date object
well no you want the last one though
yeah we're assuming okay yeah I guess it
would be
it's not necessarily the case that 18
like
okay I think I'm starting to get how
they probably want to round about this
like
I'm assuming like each separate time
that a video trended it gets logged here
um
so
yeah we would just do the like you said
the
most recent trending date or
um just the highest views oh yeah all
right that's that's the way to do it
that's the better way to do it nice yeah
um so I don't remember exactly going on
here
I'm gonna look it up
um
duplicates
as chair gbt
yeah hold on hold on
so
what we can do is
sort by
and we can drop the duplicates except
for the first occurrence if we sort by
views
than the first occurrence of a duplicate
oh wait [__]
this is the issue they're not the rows
themselves are not duplicates so this is
not going to work yeah the roads are not
duplicates yeah we just need to get well
I think you would give top duplicates a
column though
oh nice
there's something like that I don't know
yeah yeah no I think you're probably
right
um
let's see this is what we should ask
this works
well it's not sorted by abuse yet
so DF Dot
what does it sort values oh you and
you're gonna want it in descending
yes good call yeah it's like descending
goes true or Ascend equals false
and then
but the thing is this is gonna
send it's like a capital A I think yeah
ascending
I'm doing this in the wrong [__] spot
dude
Jesus Christ syntax
sending equals
false
um
see if it works first it's beautiful
whoa Childish Gambino popping off
these are the same video though oh yeah
oh wait wait yeah I'm an idiot we just
wanted them to be sorted we haven't
dropped anything yet
uh looks like it worked yeah it did
wait
oh yeah this is 2005. or no this is 18.
yeah this is 2005 trailers Gambino
really popped up with this is America
in his 2005 National hit Childish
Gambino
challenges race relations
so it worked it worked then
um
so we've sorted now we can just
do this right
well no that's not uh but but doing it
from a column I feel like that's just
gonna like that's not gonna do exactly
what you want like that's gonna return a
list try to return run that run it
see that's just a list but you could I
guess you could take those indices you
could take the series indices there
there's a better way to do it
um if we can do it uh I forgot that
there's the subset parameter exists
so column label oh nice yeah that makes
sense okay
yeah
drop duplicates subset equals video ID
yeah subset equals assuming it's a
string it could be a list of string but
it might be able to take both
yeah video ID run it run it run it
equals first
wait first
are you gonna put that in
concerning stuff happening
relax
wait wait why didn't it uh Did you sort
in place I feel like you sorted but you
didn't actually sort in place
okay
you're right
it's fine I didn't this I didn't do this
in place yeah yeah yeah nice
cool
when you do in place equals true it
doesn't return anything yeah that
actually checks out
yeah
wait don't do it yet just see
all right cool
nice oh YouTube Rewind dude yo pull that
video up let's let's just get back to
2017 YouTube Rewind where is this is the
second row
oh this all right double click the uh
the ID and just put paste it into Google
and it'll come up
let's go
this is content
the shape of 2017. oh God Ed Sheeran
references up the [__] ass dude
special guests with us
I know Liza is but I I think the Stephen
Colbert being in there shows how
commercial this [__] already was yeah
uh despacito
wait I can't hear it you did you mute it
all the way
I can't I can't hear it no it's okay
it's fine
it's just despacito playing
all right there we go
yes trying to do the thing where it
mutes out the background noise whatever
just yeah
foreign
they stopped doing YouTube Rewind right
yeah I haven't seen her in a while
oh this is kite
yeah yeah
dude it sounds so funny coming through
like it only it's just it's just
Kendrick's saying yeah and then it goes
silent for like five seconds and then it
goes yeah
this
that's actually so funny
oh here we go
here we go
I don't actually know who a lot of these
crew these people are I don't remember
any of this
oh yeah that was a banger actually
what was it called shooting stars or
something
all right yeah just start jumping
through this all right that's it [__] it
um wait what's the one with the least
views I'm actually really curious yo
something with training with 700 views
no way wow
Palo Alto online
easy go to the least go to go to the the
last one one dead others injured after
this was 773 views in 2017. eight months
can you go to the kaggle page and
actually see their methodology for
determining trending like is it a
YouTube thing or is it they ran an
algorithm
no I think it's it's the YouTube
trending
wow that's crazy
it got trending
can you go to the low one I just really
want to see it I know it's kind of Bleak
but I really want to see it it's the one
at the very bottom yeah
what is it is it is bleak
you sure you want to stream this Doug
yeah I I'm not monetized bro
okay okay all right let's we've seen
enough
the cursed words
shooting Kentucky breaking news oh
goodness
all right
um
do you want to plot the do you wanna uh
plot The View count
I just want to see what the dis the plot
looks like
sure
did you eat anything did you eat you
should eat some food let's see if he ate
anything he didn't touch his food man
you're not hungry
I think he's still getting used to the
space
oh the man I gotta say my co-workers
apartment condos [__] disgusting
it really was
yeah wow it falls off really quickly
that's cool that's wild
I know I can adjust these parameters to
me no but I mean I get the gist like it
like I was assuming it to look like that
like it just
like basically one percent of videos get
99 of views even in trending
I'm staying as like Eda stuff
I'll probably have to look at like
yeah answer that kind of question
um
let me see oh this is gonna be this is
gonna be kind of tough
with this like ridiculous I mean let me
like let's do a DF Dot
subscribe
reviews ooh what's the variance yeah
I mean does it tell you the
it's got a massive standard deviation
yeah that makes sense what we just
plotted
yeah exactly
um
sheep
this guy's the best
um
you just throw this into a simple model
yeah go yeah why not
all right let me import a [__] ton of
things real quick
I don't even think I have them like
saved under my imports
um
we're gonna do this and you're not gonna
judge me I'm not I'm not judging at all
you're not going to judge me for what
I'm about to do
Google's list of every python
let's go
I love that this this list has evolved
over the course of this course
bro yeah this is this is not everything
this is actually a filtered because they
want us to like actually only import
stuff that we're going to use yeah um I
wonder why it was used
um okay
uh do
all right let's set up our [__] first
um
so we're gonna drop some [__] for sure
that's true
um
I'm gonna drop uh I think I think we can
do a list here I don't remember
[Music]
let me try to feed this guy
you hungry buddy
come here
mocha mocha
all right
fine mocha come here
are you hungry mocha
mocha
come here buddy try some food
you want a snack do you want this thingy
dude I cannot get this [__] cat to
eat bro
mocha mocha try this
what are you what are you feeding the
cat
okay he's eating the snack
[__] I need a paper towel
oh wait there's paper towels here
basically put it on the floor uh and
then he has like a canned wet food that
his owner gave me
one brand I'm married with cat food
these days it's a tiki cat after dark
variety pack
oh baby that's the only thing we feed
our cat these days that's top tier yeah
that's what he said he said it's fancy
it is fancy it is fancy and it is
expensive they got like hearts in there
and [__]
like really
yeah it's like they got like organs
oh yeah there's one that's like what is
it
all right he he ate a tiny bit but I
think he's still getting used to being
in a new new spot I gotta dim these
lights
how expensive
foreign
I don't know
oh wow wow wait what is that is that
that's case of that's that's eight cans
no that's eight how many cans is that I
actually I have no idea I don't think
it's eight cans
I think they're usually like
look at this [__] look at this [__] yeah
a quail eggs
yeah dude I fed that our cat quail eggs
before that's crazy
yeah so we have a bunch of these these
cans to feed him but he's not eating
he just wants to rub up against my
monitor and chew my monitor
yeah I mean if you leave the food out
I'm sure that they'll eat at some point
bro I saw this video of a cat because I
was not because Hannah really wants a
cat and I was like
I saw this video of a cat jumped from a
window onto someone's Pro xdr display
destroying it and bringing the MacBook
Pro down with it and I said look not a
not not in my house though yeah no
thanks
I do like it he's really cute though
trying to drop all the unnecessary [__]
yeah I'm gonna drop trending date in
publish time wait really dude publish
time is so cool though
getting any time series [__] with it I
don't know if I want to do time series
stuff well you know what I was thinking
is what about just like what time during
the day like you get rid of the year and
the date part and you just say what time
during the day was it uploaded I guess
you don't have that data for when it
initially went trending because it would
be cool to say at what time did certain
classes of videos go trending
like this gaming content go trending in
the
you could bend the times as well and be
like just create like two new categories
like upload it at night upload it during
the day right exactly yeah
um all right for right now let's just
drop all this right now I'm just gonna
drop them because they intimidate me and
they're probably too much work so
Channel title uh
publish time do you want category ID you
do want category ID
yeah I'm keeping category LD ID and
we'll just make it a uh we'll one hot
and code it
time
uh tags oh tags tags are kind of
interesting
we could do tag length but that's we
could do tag length the number of but
the thing is tag length the number of
tags I guess so this is fine well
I mean I'm sure there's a correlation
between those two but yeah
like number of tags is probably a more
useful thing to analyze right is it
I would actually want to look at the
content of the tags
but I mean that's like going down the
rabbit hole it is yeah that's like I
don't know Becky G bro holy [__] she
performed at our high school you know
that she like once we went to like radio
contest thing
oh that's hilarious yeah
um this is like this is like before
2017. this was before she was popular at
all really
wow I don't really know who Becky G is
to be quite honest but I remember that
there's a big deal that she was before
she performed at her high school because
someone in our uh or like alumni chat
like message guys remember when Peggy G
was here
two billion dude how how much does she
have a video with two billion views and
I don't know who she is that's actually
nutty
this is the video though that's on there
I think
oh [__]
no four years ago four years ago it's
probably not the video on there
four years ago was 28
yeah no probably not maybe though yeah
maybe
girls night
dude it is
oh wow okay all right yeah
where's she from let me look it up
Colombia
[Music]
she's from Inglewood no way bro
she throw Inglewood bro
that's hilarious
[Music]
[Applause]
whole song
when I was reading your Wikipedia page I
didn't I didn't see it
uh polish time
could I do something with tags right now
nah [__] it I'll just drop him
uh we'll keep views likes dislikes
comment down
thumbnail link will get rid of
oh this is really ugly
nothing's gonna work
huh neat
okay
um
knowing
comments disabled
we can have a
uh [__]
if I drop comments disabled is it a
Boolean what is it oh it's a it's a bull
right it might be a string that looks
like a bull I don't know it is it is a
bull you want to sum them it's an object
it's an object all right you want to
parse it to Bull and then some them and
just see how many there are
I don't know just count how many
non-falls there are
we can just do a value counts thing
um yeah
comments disabled it is a bullying
actually
oh yeah but anyways yeah value counts is
actually what I want
yeah yeah
you know what a better value counts is
tally
I like it yeah I like it
I never remember value counts all right
so there's a couple of them with
comments disabled but not really
I'm gonna drop them yep
they're getting dropped
did imagine being the bits that
represent that data and you're just like
no dude don't do it
well I guess I'll just drop it in here
we're important too yeah
oh wait hold on
hold on cools
DF where
DF dot uh ratings disabled
equals
pause
I think that should work
why why why
[Music]
just filtering you want to filter them
okay
I mean
that's like grabbing rows right like
yeah it's gonna drop 170 rows
yeah there you go
but is there a reason you need to do
that oh because ratings is likes and
dislikes yeah okay so good idea
um oh I I meant to do comments disabled
and this whole thing was supposed to
become a stable but yeah ratings is
likes and dislikes so yeah so that would
throw that would throw off our
yeah so uh DF dot comments it's disabled
dot value counts let's also see this
okay so we can that's droppable too
yeah
although I don't know if you need to
filter those out because
why would you need to filter those out
oh because comment count will be zero
yeah yeah common count will be zero
exactly
d f or DF dot comments disabled
equals false
um okay just again cool okay
thumbnail link so now you want to drop
Commons disable Rings disable notes yep
I mean really what you want to do is you
just want to index the ones that you
want to keep which is like five of them
it's like a video ID it's like category
would have been easier
we're already down this road uh we're
already down this road
video error or remove what do they mean
uh
you could do the value counts thing but
man I would just
like let's just get to the model you
know I know sorry all right no no I'm
not I'm not trying to be like that I'm
just saying like I know we both want to
get to the model we're just doing this
like [__]
stuff kind of nice for me because
honestly I haven't done this like kind
of [__] in I mean this I've done but
like
yeah and like the more basic like Python
and Panda stuff like
past month like and a half all I've been
doing is [__]
trying different models and stuff yeah
word
uh yeah
I'm just getting rid of
moved
we're almost done King
uh we'll keep dude I love this stuff
it's crazy to think about the ark dude
the Ark of the past five years
yeah
yeah okay so we'll keep titling the
description length I'll get rid of just
uh title and description yeah word we
just want the numbers
awesome
got that and we'll do why we're gonna
model what are we trying to Target here
oh I guess I should get I should also
drop our Target from here our Target
will be uh
there's all there's a bunch of
interesting permutations of what the
implications are for all of them right
yeah I
I think that obviously the most like
straightforward
one for a business problem is just views
yeah you want to predict views we're
gonna predict views I think that's
probably
gonna be the one oh this is gonna be
this is gonna be kind of tricky
so this is this is we're just doing a
linear regression really here right yeah
yeah that's the best model to start out
with
yeah but I mean most of the other models
I learned are classification models like
we're not
I don't know what other like regression
models to be honest with you well
logistic regression
that's true I've just only used it for
classification
really interesting huh yeah
I think it does I know you can use it
for both and it is a linear model
um
but
I think it lends itself more to
classification at least like intuitively
more so because it like it spits out its
outputs are like zeros and ones or like
you know floats between zero and ones if
you're predicting probability
um
but that's that's fine for for now let's
just let's just do that let's let's drop
uh
was it views
and then Y is just going to be DF dot
u's
um
[__]
I didn't set an axis
there we go can you print out X I just
want to see it
yeah I mean it'll be a data frame look
at all those numbers let's go
let's go you kept trending date you want
to get rid of trending date
yeah I thought I did
time just stick it here
oh can you keep video ID well I don't
know it's be good to have video ID in
there right like
I don't think it's necessary well okay
the only reason was why I was worried is
if you scrolled down to the bottom to X
like why is it that it still looks like
the top of that has duplicates
like no way the title and description
length are the same
that's sus bro
admittedly that is a little suss yeah
that doesn't seem right
this is sorted by still view counts
probably yeah
it does look like that considering
there's one like at the end there's a
video of the one like
yeah okay so what's okay let's okay what
are most viewed Walker it's Childish
Gambino
second one
wait okay hold on
hold on
yeah something's funny here wait you
didn't in place drop duplicates bro
you don't say
yeah I would just assign it to a new
thing oh is that okay
it's just a warning oh okay all right
yeah we're fine
nice that's better okay
that's embarrassing
all right
um
I guess we can just do a little train
test split assuming I have it imported
oh I would assume it is imported
I forget how we set this up it's X train
X test y train y test I think
let's train test split
um x y
think that's it bro you're getting real
good at this [__] yeah
I appreciate that
um
does that look right to you I yeah that
I mean yeah that seems fine to me
I don't actually know if it's right but
it looks right
yeah cool yeah I guess I'll set up
uh
wow they used random dude everybody uses
random State 42 it's so funny
that's hilarious
um I'll set a test size
um I think it defaults to 0.8 right
or like point two okay two I think it
might be
remember last time I checked I was
surprised though okay 0.25 which I feel
like might be a little high
um
I test on one percent of data
that's the size
I did not
my tab complete isn't working it's
annoying
I think that should work
yeah
cool
for the culture yeah for the culture
um
cool
Adder that these are sorted like that
they haven't been like random randomized
before doing this I don't think so
because you just specified a random
state so I'd assume that it does do
something
you're right you know what you could
also do after this you could
um
well no let's just do this but I was
wondering like you probably want to view
count cut off like if it has only 500
views it's probably not trending for
real
like they said it was trending but bro
that video is not trending
they're trying to make a trend
somehow they're I don't know
I mean it's probably not an error like
I've seen weird videos trending before
um
I never go to that tab admittedly so you
wouldn't know
I've just I've seen it and my my morbid
Curiosity has lingered long enough to
like draw some
some interesting uh observations
interesting all right
um okay hold on I need a refresher I'm
literally just gonna go to my GitHub
I probably have already pulled up or
whatever
um
oh I just start setting up Pipelines
but I already kind of forgot how to do
it yeah okay
all we need to do for our numbers is
standard scale them
I didn't even have any categoricals so
yeah category ID obviously
oh we should change category ID to a
string if it's I'm assuming it's a uh
it should be fine if it's not a string
will be
um
not for uh
let me show you remember I think I
showed you this yesterday for the
selector thing to make it so that I
don't know yeah all right okay yeah arms
category ID isn't in so I'm just going
to go ahead and change that
um
[__] I should have changed that before
fine we'll just do a new train test
split um
uh
EF [__] how do I do this again EF dot
category ID
I would do just dot map Lambda X stir X
no I think you're right
um
I did this somewhere here too
where the [__]
did I do this I did this with the area
code oh here
yeah I mean
oh cool that works that's good yeah
that's what I was going to do I didn't
know yeah
that has Type
object seems to be like this
[__]
keep this oh yeah unhole some content of
uh just just normal gummies being being
consumed on
stream
difficult category
yeah I guess at this point the only
thing the only categorical we're using
is category ID yep I'm worried that this
isn't enough features like really
a little bit do you have to predict
views dude
I feel like views is pretty pretty
correlated with uh
likes and comments yeah I think we'll be
able to be successful I just mean like
for up for a project I'm wondering if
they want me to use data that has more
features yeah
all right maybe not
um I guess I will find out on Monday I
have like a one-on-one with an
instructor
um
yeah and I guess all we're doing with
our categoricals is uh
one hot encoding that one guy
okay
oh
and we'll do a
um Transformer throw them both in I
think take this
where's my info um
video ID what are we keeping
um I'm just going to do an x dot uh info
real quick
wait what the [__]
why is category ID still in integer
oh do I have to do this no way
I think you did you don't uh and the
other one you just put object with no
uh quotes
you're right good catch
what
um
yes
wait you're typing out X dude you're
sending it to wait go back
yeah dude because you're using X and Y
and the train test split so like oh I'm
an idiot I do this before setting X yeah
yeah nice
yeah so do it like above 70.
above 70 what
oh yeah yeah right here
I'm just gonna restart and run off okay
so satisfying
I know okay we're in we're in
all right we have our column Transformer
oh we're not doing this stuff okay
cool
so I've actually linear regression I
haven't done in like a month
so I don't think I have a linear
regressor imported right now
cool
yeah it looks like I can just do it here
over here
regression
yeah
neat
uh
okay
so
um
I guess we can start we can just make a
quick uh dummy model
I have a dummy regressor
I'm assuming it's just dummy regressor
yeah
okay
um
cool so uh
dummy model equals pipeline
and then that's why is it like this or
have it backwards
yeah that makes sense obviously
um
right so I'll name
my uh
put here
CT equals t
then
[Music]
of course CT comma CT right
what the [__]
ah
I see
this
um
yeah I'll just call it don't need
the compressor
okay
we're close to the column Transformer
there we go
what is the dummy regressor predict just
like the most common value or something
classifier will do the most common value
let's just guess the mean maybe
yeah probably probably mean that's gonna
be this is my first time using sklearns
dummy regressor or really any
um SK learn linear do not use it for
real problems okay guys
oh the dummy
um okay so I guess I can set yeah so it
does default to mean though
yeah
okay looks like nothing else needs to be
set though
um
I'm just going to leave it as mean
probably yep
okay
cool what what is the implication of
that mean on view count especially given
the distribution that we have here it's
going to be a really really bad
um
linear regressor yeah but anyways it's
uh it's dumb it's dummy so
exactly this is our base this is our
Baseline yeah it would be interesting to
see the difference between this and the
mean in the median though but anyways
okay we could try
um
is that good I think that's good for our
model
cool then we'll just bid it on
X train y train
thing right yeah
and then for aggressor I guess I don't
really know what the
uh
what score prints out
yeah you give it score on X test y test
or something
well I'm gonna do next
yeah yeah I will
um
you're right I should probably be using
like a cross validation
of the validation set
Maybe
can I steal this
what are these CV results do
I'm gonna steal this and see if it works
[__]
um
well sure well for now we'll score our
next test y test
I mean that's certainly bad
um
what does that even mean
it Returns the coefficient of the
determination of the coefficient of
determination which I think is r squared
um yeah r squared we want it
um
you want to be to one unit one yeah I
think you wanted one yeah you wanted one
but like if you if you blow a one your
model's wrong
um yeah
um and it can be negative
yeah so this is really bad
um this is like a really ass ass model
all right so let's get a real linear
model
sweet so we'll do uh
Lynn rag
uh base
oh we'll do Lynn ride uh episode
where I'm just going to copy paste this
oh I I stopped streaming because I
realized I was needlessly sharing
bandwidth and it sort of gave me the
warning that I was low bandwidth gotcha
um
collagen Reg
istered a weird regression
the parameters you take uh [__] you're
getting
uh all right nothing give it nothing
yeah all right do it do it I want to see
the score
uh Greg
uh
that I mean why train
yeah
drag DOT score
status y test
oh let's go dude better baby better
that's a lot better
yeah there's other [__] we should be
checking as well
like I can show you
my first
and your aggression my first our first
project was
opus
oh wait wait no no it wasn't it was uh
our second project was linear regression
um wait can you go to the top can you go
to the very top
that's great
pictures
um
so
Jesus Christ I forgot how long this was
whoa that's cool that plot I love that
plot bear this guy you see the deviation
from uh linearity
yeah this is this was all me baby that's
hype I checked all the assumptions of
linear regression
um so this will all be worth doing
um
for sure
I used I didn't use SK learn for this we
were doing
come on where
where are you where's the actual model
I like the
oh here
uh OLS mm-hmm
which gives you this model summary that
you can extract which is really nice
that's nice
a few days ago I learned about like
is you can like wrap
um
what's it called
um functions but you can yeah you can
wrap like objects as as sklearn objects
um
and why that's useful is you the only
thing you can put in these pipelines is
other sklearn objects right
but uh
Okay so
better than
our Baseline want to try something cool
hey sure yeah
you uh
uh I'm grid searching maybe some hyper
parameter tuning what parameters do we
actually have though
he has a very good system all we have is
intercept
normalize
can you actually can we make some plots
to see the line on top of the data
that's really what I want to see
oh yeah we can I think it's pretty easy
if you see one
uh I don't know if we can do it with
this though
dude this thing has a predict function
I'm almost certain so
I guess I've never cried should I use
this thing to predict a value for a
given X thing and see what view count it
predicts and then see what the actual
view count to us
okay so we can get a
and rag
some dot
um
does it have a predict I feel like it
would yeah it does
um predict on I mean I guess uh
just click shift enter just run it let's
just see
yeah
whoa it got negative views let's go
wow yeah this is a terrible model
that's super bad actually
all right guys all right we can pack it
up go home
um so I guess I mean we can just save
this as a uh
what a [__] pandas
actually I don't know how we can just
save it as anything right
um
one rag breads uh holes
and then we can probably just do
um
wait what's X test wait does train test
train test split does do the random it
must there's no way that these are just
like like the the low view count vids
like yeah that would be horrendous
um
I mean do you want to just do value
counts like
that won't work
no so should we just plot it yeah
but you want to plot it against the
actual things you need the white
test
to plot it on top of
oh right right
um so we'll just do a I mean line yeah I
would just do uh I guess it's a line
yeah
uh maybe just plot what is it
I already forgot what the [__]
well we would do we would want to do two
line plots right you want to see how
much it varies yeah I want to see how
wrong it is
yeah so I guess we would just plot two
things on top of each other yeah
um
yeah I mean essentially
what this number gives us the r squared
is
how much variance in our data our model
accounts for
um because I think I was explained to be
I would say it again how much
variance in our data our model explains
yeah exactly yeah
um
I was going to see I mean we could do
I mean that plot up there with the line
was the one that makes the most part
yeah that makes the most sense to me
yeah but it doesn't uh I mean look it's
a linear regression so plotting the
preds is gonna form a line
right so just plug just plot them right
now just do plot threads I think
actually yeah exactly let's do that
plot Dot Plot
oh
what the [__] what the [__] is going on
here that can't be right this is a slime
plot
uh
um
wait uh
like I'm having a stroke
um
no we would need
so this is the Y so what's the X the x
is just one to the length of like range
zero length preds
that's what I do
I do that yeah but that yeah that's the
why so this is the X yeah
is it like this I think so
I think you need one yeah there you go
well you need one more parenthesis uh
I do yeah for the range part
are we are nice
all right [__] it I don't I don't know
how to plot in this stupid garbage
what do you mean you didn't expect X
oh yeah don't name X don't name X
don't anymore either actually just give
it two things
okay I don't know what the [__] is going
on I don't know what I don't know what
the hell is going on there
foreign
it's actually right it's 27 wait
it doesn't seem right though
wait what are you saying hold on hold
uh hold on
um
yeah I think that's right dude
I guess because we're doing a line plot
it's just connecting these like yeah
maybe we should scatter
yeah it would be scatter right
um
that's scatter
I feel like we can just do this yeah
yeah I think so I think we just do this
oh nice
just try y equals let's let's hope I
don't think it's good
good defaults are such an important
thing man
what'd you say good good good defaults
like like default Behavior like if we
just have an A Y you can assume that X
is just based on the index of it but
whatever
where's this cat mocha
or whatever
this is not going to be a very good plot
because uh
it's gonna be hard to see the actual
difference
yes this is probably the worst plot I've
ever done to be honest with you
well any regardless can you plot on top
of it the other one
which is the the true which is like why
tests
yeah so I think we need to do big X
equals bought that stuff
a lot
what do these words even mean
so I mean okay so like in matplotlib
there's a distinction between like
figure and axes yeah like this
like when I change the size of the
figure you'll see what happens
[__] my [__] what do you mean oh
I think this I actually don't think it's
gonna work oh okay yeah so the figure
and the actual like axes like the actual
plot are different things
um
no I know I was just making a joke like
we'd come up with all this [__]
programming such a
it's just funny I know
um
to do another one I I always forget how
to do this is it just
I don't think I can just
run them like so uh
you're saying x equals uh the same thing
right yeah the same thing exactly and
then
[Music]
uh test I guess yeah
yeah I don't think it's gonna implicit
oh it did okay yeah
this does not tell us much yeah but it
kind of does
not I mean no it doesn't tell us
anything you could immediately draw a
conclusion from
um why don't you sort why don't you sort
both of them by the view count
so no no short why test my view count
and then
you have to permute you have to it's
like short perm I don't know if you guys
have a sort perm function but uh I I
don't either
um hold on did you know what I'm trying
to say like then it would make it a lot
cleaner
yeah this also isn't even really showing
the full picture of our data because
we've got a ton of these negative guys
as well
that is
not really being shown I guess
no they would be down below the y-axis
right
oh right right yeah that would be it
might be something that we just have to
say what is the minimum of log predet
preds what is the minimum because I
think it might actually be the case that
it's there
uh Lynn regrets dot minimum is that
right
yeah
wow that's [__]
minus a million
minus
two million no 20.
right right minus 20 million right no oh
yeah yeah minus minus two million yeah
okay
so minus like about 2 million
um
this that would show up you know what
can we find out what video that is what
what it what's fun Min index argument
it's called the argument change them
into argument
change them into one dot ARG a r g min
oh wow
okay all right so find the uh the X test
oh we don't have video ID bro this sucks
true
also this doesn't work well x-test is a
data frame
accessed as a data frame right so X
oh yeah that should work right well I
don't know is it just try to print it
out what the hell is this thing yeah it
should be a data frame okay yeah
like this ilock [__] I I never
understood this oh my God yeah this is
so insane
basically the answer is the API is so
bad that you just have to guess every
single time
foreign
3661 likes I mean that's that's actually
not that that's not hard yeah exactly
DF turns out all the videos have exactly
30k likes
let's do all right fine well yeah well
we can do we can do legs
DF
what am I doing with DF dot likes
equals
three six six one
one video all right we gotta watch this
because it was predicted that this video
had minus two million views
this rolls out of them
hey guys what's up today's video
two things
that's so good
out anyway can you pause it pause it and
write just a short comment I was
training a Lydia requester model that
was predicting this video is minus two
million views I don't know why this went
trending because it's clearly horrible
oh my God bro that's so funny
oh my God
did it predict anything absurdly high
can you can you find what the max
prediction was
Max
holy [__] is that
no that's actually pretty that's
actually pretty low yeah
it's missing something well you know
what it would be interesting to look at
what the distribution is because
the train test split it could be the
case that there was no bangers in the
test
yeah I think we're gonna wanna do some
outlier filtering like big big time
outlier filtering
um
like get rid of these huge like Mammoth
2 billion view videos
like the crazy viral videos right you
need to take out the ends you need to
take out the things that yeah because
you want the you you also don't want to
do the low view count videos I guess
yeah actually the low view cam videos
probably Don't Stray Too Much from the
model but the High View cam videos
probably
yeah I mean okay there's there's
actually a lot of things that we can
look at oh can you do the future
importance thing
not I don't think that uh
let's try no I guess that doesn't work
they're all treated the same with the
same importance in a linear regression
model well no no no no no
um well I guess the importance wise yes
but this is why I wanted
uh the [__] model summary
because let me see if I can find them
the less
disgusting one this is all from one hot
encoding there's just like a billion of
these features yeah well either way so
like
this is for housing prices or whatever
these are like the coefficients
um
in our basically they could like the the
m in y equals MX plus b I guess
um by analyzing this
um well they're standard scaled uh so
um doesn't exactly mean anything but
like we can
see if this were not scaled like if this
were like we just fed the data raw it
would say something like
and this was this model was predicting
house price based on a bunch of like how
sell price for a bunch of features so
I'm being square foot living it's like
for each increase in square foot living
of
one unit oh really wow that's crazy the
house price will go up by 315. oh that's
not that much yeah yeah that's crazy
though that's cool
yeah I might I might have that flipped
might be for each
I don't know I think that's right yeah
that sounds right
yeah it's yeah yeah definitely
um
but I oh and also those I mean these are
scaled so like this doesn't mean
anything
um but you can compare them relatively
like we can see that a unit of age when
sold
um
has a much greater impact on square foot
living uh you know anything you should
might want to try
because look at the one hot encoding
ones
go go back to the uh the the thing you
were just showing me
why are the all the values for the one
hot super high
um
and look at their errors huge I think
you might want to try this model again
without the category ID
just to see
you think so I mean
in particular these categories are
pretty Jank to begin with
um
I think this might be number of
bathrooms if I'm not mistaken oh word
you have that seventh bathroom really
yeah it's ridiculous
um yeah I mean there's a lot of things
that should be done one also
uh
I forgot yeah this is a handy dandy
function for
dropping outliers which is something
that oh let's try it
well this is crazy this is really cool
sick
um
I I want to try it but I remember I was
thinking about doing this for my last
project but
one I think that most classification
algorithms care less about outliers than
like a linear model
[Music]
but also I don't know how this like
pertains to data leakage in like the
train test split and [__] like that
because this is the the way that this
function
um determines what an outlier is it's by
that definition that's like
1.5 times the interquartile range
outside of the IQR interesting okay yeah
I think it's something like that uh and
that's what that looks like yeah
yeah yeah
exactly
um
I have never heard of that but that's
interesting
I think that's like the generally
accepted mathematical definition of what
like an outlier is okay yes do that dude
you actually the issue is that I mean I
can do it to my
I would have to do it to my training
data and my test data separately
um
I'm trying to think about this the
interesting thing here right is that
we're predicting view count based on uh
uh comment count and all of that like
really you would never have access to
that if you didn't already have viewcamp
but that's I guess maybe obvious
yeah yeah yeah exactly
um
what I can do
okay yeah so so we'll we'll try that
um
uh
where the [__] do I Define X
I always just command f x equals
X space equals and then space equals
like you need to change your thing to be
space x e space yeah there you go I'm
gonna do just go to the last one
okay
um
all right so after this we can do uh
the card drop outliers I think all we
have to feed it is
oh we defeated a column right that makes
sense
um so you're dropping the The View
outliers
yeah exactly but wait you can't do this
on X dude you have to do it on DF
before the train test split
yeah it's annoying so it would have to
be
how the [__] do I do that I'd have to do
it before the train test split and then
you'd be fine
yeah but if I no because I can't do it
before the train tests split because
then all of the like the
the descriptive statistics like the IQR
there's there's data leakage
um basically our training data gets in
our
our test data gets into our training
data
um
because it takes the interquartile range
of all the data train and test included
and then uses that to chop off
liers
does that make sense what I'm saying uh
uh I'm kind of spacing out but like a
little bit like I kind of think I know
what you're saying
yeah I
what if you just
don't use the inner quartile range right
because basically what you're saying is
that you could reverse engineer the fact
that you biased the data a little bit
from there and then you're basically
using this little hack it's yeah I know
what you're saying yeah you can't rely
on the information of the stick the
global statistics and then act like your
test is independent of that
exactly yeah
exactly so I
yeah good good good call dude good call
I would have forgotten about that
um so maybe maybe make a new drop
outliers that just
deletes videos above the 25 and 70 the
quartiles can you do that
wait what do you mean
um like change the function to make it
just drop everything outside of the
inner quartile now you're only now
predicting the interquartile
that's still it still has it yeah I
guess so my Beta leakage yeah
what can you do though
you can't really remove anything what I
could do in this but this is annoying I
feel like you could rejoin after the
train test split you rejoin X train and
Y train oh yeah that's what you have to
do you're totally right yeah and then
you grab that's that's so annoying yeah
that's really annoying I was really
hoping I just have to do that
um
okay
fine we're having fun with it we're
having fun with it yeah yeah that I mean
that's that's what you have to do you
can't do it before
yeah
bro this is something I asked chat gbt
for because it's like so much
boilerplate
this is something you could ask Chad qbt
for you yeah you'd be like
uh specifically for the rejoining part
because this is gonna be super lame
I mean
it's just like PD dot concat I think
right
now I guess it's uh you need to know
which ones you chop which indices get
like removed though
what do you mean like this drop inner
core this drop outliers
is gonna remove some stuff from X right
yeah so you need to remove the according
things from y
well that's why I'm saying you rejoin
them
um
yeah okay no no you join X and Y
'all yeah well you know but you have to
you have to actually do it on you have
to drop the outliers from the
the test set and the train set
independently
yeah I mean you're I mean I
because it's the exact same if you can
if you if you join X and Y then you're
back to DF and you're still using your
no the knowledge of the this
interquartile range in the
in the model
well the issue with dropping the
outliers from the test is that
when you feed it if you're to feed this
model new data like that's been
collected or something like that
like these outliers happen so you kind
of wanted to be able to
I'm only dropping the outliers from X
train and Y train
yeah okay all right I'm down with that
so I think a way to do this and I've
actually never done this before
um
there's my train test yeah
so I mean you could
instead of setting a train test split up
this way
you would train test split before
defining X and Y you would do
train comma test equals train test split
and then just feed it DF I guess
you know I mean not exactly so like and
again I've not done this before and this
might get ugly
um we're just gonna do
this
um
uh
train comma tests equals
train test split and we just give it all
of the data frame
and then
[__] I've already forgot what the
test size and random state I'm sure
um
this is going to be annoying but yeah so
I think now we have we just do train
dot info
and
pass dot info
crane has
okay yeah that's about right yeah 300 is
about five thousand
uh test has about one seven thousand
like twenty percent ish
so now what you're saying is you're
gonna drop the outliers from
DF Arch from train all right that's cool
yeah exactly
um so drop outliers
green
this is the most disorganized
like
yeah it's really unorganized whatever
[Music]
um
yeah train and then what else does it
take take uh I do this no doc string
tragic wow
a column so train and then views
uh yeah
now we won
yeah wow that's quite a few
but
crops
oh well yeah I mean that does that make
sense
that's what I'm trying to think I feel
like it's a lot it was like 4 900.
I guess it kind of makes sense because
the interquartile range contains
uh 75 of your data
no 50 percent
that's more than that it's everything
outside of
1.5 times
yeah it could be
I think it makes sense
um
it seems a little strict with the middle
fifty percent of viewed video of view
count videos
yeah
yeah that's your IQR
I mean we can run we can run the numbers
yeah let's do it oh yeah but you train
uh well Jesus Christ I can't do that
because now it's been hold on hold on
I'm gonna comment down some stuff
I'm going to comment out
this
and get rid of this [__]
comment out this
oh that's annoying can I do can I do one
of these there's no way this works right
oh wait
okay no I was I was hoping you could
like multi-cursor across different cells
that would be nice yeah that's a good
idea
foreign
this is probably a stupid way to go
about this
um
it'll be interesting to see what the
what analytics YouTube streams give me
is Twitch give me a good amount of
analytics but uh
I'm curious yeah I guess I'm just
letting me comment
whatever whatever whatever
um okay so now
we can
run all above
where they go
then yeah
yeah yeah yeah
okay so we can do a train dot describe
so doing some some maths
for views
25th let's see the IQR
can I actually just do I could have
sworn there's like a
what are these
now
I thought you could
um
maybe not okay never mind
so uh
this is one and a half million oh no
one
ten it's one this is fifteen thousand
sixteen thousand
right yeah yeah yeah and then
to uh 1.5 million
I think just a hundred fifty thousand
isn't that a six though oh oh yeah yeah
wait sorry this is
so this is actually ten to the fifth is
a hundred thousand so that's 150 to 1.5
nice okay
or wait what wait wait no no no
God I am I having a stroke what is going
on here yeah this is 1.5 million
that's 180 000.
160 000 what is this 860 000.50 yeah so
B and this is what we'll say 1.5
million
um so the IQR is like I don't know 1.35
million or something like that right
yeah
um
times 1.5
so it goes 2 million up on each side
it obviously can't do that on the lower
end but adding
2 million to that
is like you know three what do you mean
it goes up a two what does that mean oh
you oh you're talking about the inner
quartile range yeah yeah word
yeah right
yeah it ends up being three and a half
million everything above three and a
half million views is dropped
and then you drop nothing on the low end
and nothing gets dropped on the low end
all right
yeah I don't know about that bye
whatever let's just see how it performs
having done this mm-hmm
um
so now that we've done that
[Music]
um
we can just uh
I'm gonna copy this
non-comment that it would say x equals
trained
dot drop
or x x train equals train dot drop
y test
no [__] me why
trained on views
all right yeah
and then X
equals
test.drop
wife tests
stupid test equals test values
all right so this should now give us the
same like
basically the same train test split so I
think we can get rid of
this
okay we can uncomment this [__] out now
oh that's annoying that's so annoying
but the multi-cursor thing
yeah I wish I could mold like uncomment
out like a bunch of cells
let's see how a dummy model performs now
but it's just perfect
can you imagine every video is at the
mean
wait I run all below I think I ran all
below
yeah there we go
foreign
yeah
I think this is right so train test
equals
train test split of the DF
yeah I think this was fine
um
all right now we can try we can see how
linear actual regressor does though
foreign
[Music]
still predicting negatives well yeah I
wouldn't have expected what we did do
yeah
I wonder how it's I wonder what class
like it would be interesting to look at
all the videos where it predicted
negative though like that's wild
because why it means that
something about
the other statistics they were using to
predict the view count
like I don't know it's just interesting
well it could mean we also need to check
a bunch of stuff like
we need to look at the uh we need to
plot the distribution of
my train let's let's do a little
yeah right
right back at it
all right since I'm getting kind of
sleepy I'm just listening right now and
if you need me to look at the screen
I'll look at the screen but yeah that's
that's fine
um
I think we can do
look at
foreign
this is so [__] skewed like that okay
so our
yeah the uh our
Target is wildly right skewed
like incredibly white skewed right right
skewed what does that mean
my kids
the distribution is like
like it's not it's not normal
essentially yeah like oh
to the right
okay
um
so we can do wait a second
crane
I should have outliers dropped right
that plot looked exactly the same that's
concerning
when did we drop outliers did we drop
outlines
maybe okay
I would like to set this as a new
uh
hold on where's this function return
I think it does actually change it
I was wondering whether I'd do like a DF
equals drop outliers
I think so
great
oh
we never dropped outliers
that was silly
so we're gonna do a little restart and
run all
oh [__] I did DF equals oh no
where to go oh no
I meant to say train equals
okay all right all right all right so we
never dropped outliers now that we
dropped outliers let's actually see how
the model performed
dummy model did
really bad
still
and our
no way after dropping outliers our
linear regressor performed worse
somehow
you fall asleep no no I'm good
yeah I'm just thinking about
interquartile ranges gotta be honest
that's fair enough
so now we can we can more clearly see
that it's right skewed oh okay cool nice
that's much better plot way better yeah
now we dropped out why so we can do is
we can actually log scale it
um oh neat yeah that'll normalize it in
case it's a right skew
um
so we'll do
[__] I have to do everything again
don't go
um
oh we should just be able to do a y tree
D
it's a y train
log
equals mp.log
or I train
and if we do the same thing
huh
log scaling kind of overcompensates
foreign
um
oh my God
what
this is the worst model I've ever seen
oh yeah that's horrible
dog transform to no outliers
that's log transformed and no outliers
in a way I log transformed
um
the thing is what's annoying is that the
last time that we did linear regression
was before they taught us about train
test splitting
um
so I have a bunch of questions about the
order of stuff like in lot like do a log
transform like I don't know whether I
should do that before or after the train
test split I would assume after the
train test split
but then it's like do I have to log
transform the test data as well
because right now with the I TR it's the
model is fitted on log transformed
like Target data
but it's being tested on
oh yeah I would absolutely have to log
transform my test as well
thinking about it
okay I need to do that yeah
interesting
what
oh
I'm an idiot I'm an idiot on multiple
levels
this is bad
I'm gonna give up for the night dude
yeah
hi thanks for your help yeah that was
sick peace yeah peace out